DOCS-6466 X-Forwarded-Path leading slash (#77)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/portal-vanity-domain.adoc

> Add headers for each route described above.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY avoid using "above" or "below."
See Style Ref.

Author: Fixed. Thank you!

> * `X-Forwarded-Path` is the base path of your vanity domain public portal URL, such as `/path/of/justice/`.

Reviewer: Assuming that the audience knows what a "vanity domain" is.

Author: Yes, this audience will know that term.

+

> It can be any path that begins and ends with a slash ("/"), and it can be just `/` for the root path. It does not need to match the base path for the portal in the anypoint.mulesoft.com domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vanity domain public portal base path can be either any path that begins and ends with a slash (`/`) or a root path represented by a single slash (`/`). It does not need to match the base path for the anypoint.mulesoft.com domain portal.
```
Please carefully reread to be sure that my suggested rewording did not change technical meaning.

Author: I rewrote this for better clarity and consistency and incorporated your suggestions. Thank you!

+

> * `X-Forwarded-Host` is your public portal vanity domain, such as `developers.robocop.com`.

Reviewer: Note that "public portal vanity domain" in this item is reworded from "vanity domain public portal" in the item above it. Is that OK?

Author: Yes, that is correct here. X-Forwarded-Path is the path of the portal that goes with the domain, and X-Forwarded-Host is the domain that goes with the portal.
